hello saster how are you all today
phenomenal to see you
all uh I am very very excited to be here
at saster among lots of other SAS
company Builders I think one of the
things that becomes challenging as you
grow is just to be able to have that
community and talk to other folks who
are running into the same things as you
so very very excited to be here today uh
to share some of my learnings uh in
growing amplitude uh from nothing to 25
to 100 to 250 and Beyond um and then
very excited to hear what's top of mine
for you all in the Q&A um so looking
forward to that at the end um those of
you who don't know me my name is Spencer
skates I'm CEO and co-founder of
amplitude that was actually a pretty
cool demo reel there we need to get that
for our website um uh we do uh we're a
digital analytics platform so we help
you do everything from product analytics
CDP experimentation session replay and
more uh check us out at amplitude
little bit of background on the company
uh I founded amplitude along with my two
co-founders Jeffrey and Curtis back in
2012 it was born out of another failed
startup uh called sonolite uh like a lot
of engineering teams we had the huis to
think we could build our own internal
analytics platform um and when that
company failed uh we realized there's a
huge opportunity into helping people
better understand their customers what
features they use uh where they get
blocked what keeps them coming back and
what ultimately makes for a great
product uh today we're the leading
digital analytics solution in the market
our goal is to help every company build
better products uh more than 2,000
companies use this today including the
likes of uh in it door Dash atlassian uh
Ford Walmart uh Disney NBC uh tons of
other great companies out there uh using
us to help them understand their
customer Journeys uh two years ago in 20
uh 21 we got listed on the NASDAQ uh but
that was just the beginning uh one of
the really important things uh it's a
conversation for another time but as
part of going public you can't just have
that as the end goal you got to be
seeing beyond that um so but really
really important milestone in our
history um and like many of you I I
really want to build a generational tech
company um and so today I want to talk
about there's a lot to talk about when
it comes to building a great company but
today I'm going to talk about uh four
key lessons um that I've spent a lot of
time really thinking about when it comes
to what it means to build a great
organization a great and long-lasting
sustainable business so let's go ahead
and get into
it all right uh so here are the four
lessons I'm going to go through today uh
first maintaining a culture of product
Innovation and how to do that uh Second
how to build new products uh and how to
you need to treat them like a like a
startup within a larger organization
third understanding executive hires uh
this is one of the least talked about
but most leverage things particularly as
a CEO founder that you have for scaling
your business um so I'll share with you
my insight from this uh and then lastly
uh making the mental switch uh this is
actually the hardest part of uh changing
uh from an early stage founder to a
large organization Executives it is not
a natural thing they're very very
different roles uh so excited to talk
through those and get to Q&A from all of
you so let's go ahead and dig in all
right uh lesson number one product
Innovation uh super super important
particularly for we're in the technology
business business um we build Innovative
products customers expect us to continue
to having the latest and greatest one of
the be beautiful things about the SAS
model versus licensed software is that
the product is always getting better
when you use it um and so the core
challenge is how do you keep this up
over time as you continue to grow in
scale it's one of the hardest things to
do uh by far so let me go through I
actually want to talk about one of the
fallacies people have here and
misconceptions um and then that goes
into you know how do you how do you get
around this so uh most people expect
that your ability to innovate uh grows
linearly with your number of employees
so as you continue to add engineers and
other folks onto your product
development team uh that your rate of
being able to ship stuff and innovate um
goes up right so it's just you know you
go to a team that's 100 people there'll
be 10 times more Innovative than team
that's 10 people um what happens in
practice is the exact opposite the graph
re really actually looks like this where
actually your ability to innovate goes
down with the larger of an organiz by
default it goes down with a larger
organization and so you look at this and
you're like why the hell would I ever
grow my team um you know it doesn't make
any sense you know maybe just keep them
small forever um H and th this this H
this is a very natural part because what
happens is your code base gets larger uh
there's more people and so the ownership
of great of great product and product
success gets diluted and uh the you know
every individual's ability to coordinate
gets harder right there's N squared
Connections in the company and so it
gets harder and harder and harder to
keep everyone on the same page and so
for a lot of very natural reasons as an
organization actually gets harder to
innovate on your product as you continue
to grow in scale and so the trick is how
do you change this curve to look
something more like this you know at the
end of the day I'll I'll be okay you
know it's not going to be linear but
like let's can we at least get it to be
monotonically increasing let's at least
have it go up so the more people that we
add to the team the more Innovative uh
that we're able to be so how do you
actually get there um all right so first
I want to talk about a a very overlooked
part of uh building and scaling uh great
product development teams um and that is
setting the right structure in
organization so um there's an old saying
where you ship your org chart and this
is kind of the root cause of why it is
uh you're able that your ability to
innovate slows down as you continue to
grow in scale um and so I I think
spending a lot of time going from a
Founder as thinking about how do I drive
all the inovation myself to how do I
think about how do I structure and
create an org where I create really
clear guard rails and really clear goals
for each individual um again it it may
sound very basic but almost every CEO
that I talk to that goes past about 50
Engineers runs into exactly this problem
and they realize they haven't spent
enough time on this so I can't
overemphasize it uh spending enough time
on this um the model that we have at
amplitude is we have deep functional
experts that are supposed to be the
single responsible person for each of
these areas so for governance for data
platform for CDP uh for analytics for
growth uh for experimentation product
we've spent a a lot of time at the
executive level defining
each of these areas and then giving
responsibility across engineering
product management and design to single
individuals who are responsible for
making them great and so really what
you're doing in a lot of ways is kind of
replicating uh the conditions of a
startup and a small team um and your
responsibility is to manage that as a
portfolio um as the leader and so again
may sound very obvious but I can't tell
you how many organizations you know that
that come to me and ask me hey Spencer
how are you able to keep up uh shipping
the velocity of product you do at scale
and they just haven't spent enough time
here um uh the uh the specific mechanism
that we do which we've talked about in
our blog quite a bit before is we have
pillars and we have leads for those
pillars um and they're responsible end
to end full stop for the success of of
their particular area of the product um
so again you ship your org chart and so
it comes back to this and spending a lot
of time on
this all right uh second part is culture
um it's not just enough to uh you know
set the org chart give responsibilities
and go you actually also have to set the
tone that this is what you value as an
organization in the early days when
you're a small team and it's you against
the world it's very very natural to uh
have this feeling because you know
you've got to ship you know it's like
you've got to keep swimming otherwise
you're dead and your product is worse
and there's a lot of needs and asks from
your customers you want to be able to
keep keep up with that you actually have
to be very explicit around setting this
culture I've seen a lot of uh companies
that have done a good job of this you
know Facebook's a phenomenal example
where they were one of the first to talk
about moving fast and breaking things uh
let me tell you a little bit about how
we do it at amplitude uh so first uh all
hands so we have all hands once a week
at every single All Hands we do um there
is a product demo where we share
something that's been shipped in the
last week it's considered a great honor
to present that at all hands to an
organization of 700 people um and so
just constantly talking about it um and
beating the drum and using the channels
that you do have to to uh to celebrate
and reward um and highlight the
importance of of innovation uh the next
thing we do is we have a feature
releases channel in slack and it is my
personal favorite slack Channel um where
anytime a new feature goes out it's
posted here there's a write up posted by
the product manager and engineer uh they
post a a gif of what uh how the feature
Works uh and they talk about what
customers are using that feature as well
um and one of the things we look at
again very arbitrary measure but we look
at hey how much stuff is going through
that channel each week and we want to
make sure and if there's not stuff then
that's a problem that's a that's a flag
to us that something is off um the last
thing we did um on the culture aspect
was internal hackathons so twice a year
at amplitude uh we have the entire prod
product development team pause what
they're doing and take a week off just
to work on things things that they think
are interesting and they think can
provide customer value um and at the end
we have a demo and we present it to the
company we show all the cool things that
have come out of that and I remember in
the early days when we first proposed
doing hackathons a lot of the early
Executives at amplitude looked at me and
are like hey this is crazy you're
literally telling people to take a week
off and do whatever the [__] they want
like what the hell like you should be
telling them exactly what to do um but
again back to our culture of innovation
if that's something that we about we
want folks to be able to take ownership
and innovate on their own um and drive
uh that at amplitude is um uh you know
providing opportunities for them uh to
do that in different ways hackathon is a
great way where you're expected to come
out with something at the end of the
week um so it's been a huge part a lot
of some of our great products like
recently we shipped Warehouse native
amplitude and that actually started at
an hackathon four years ago where
someone wanted thought hey what if there
was a version of amplitude where I could
use SQL queries to connect to a database
versus using the data store we have um
so huge huge part of keeping up that uh
Innovation mindset as we
grow uh last thing I just wanted to
share with you all
here um so one of the things I would do
in product reviews with the team is I
would always ask the question what
customer is going to use it one of the
things that can happen as you grow as an
organization is you start to get more
and more abstracted from your customer
so well the PM's job is to talk to the
customer not mine as an engineer uh well
you know hey it fits within this
theoretical strategic framework that you
know some VP or some executive has put
out there so that's why we're building
this and so the question I would ask is
what customer is going to use it one of
the wonderful things about SAS and B2B
is your customers will literally tell
you what they want and then pay you
money for it when you build it so if you
use this as your North Star build what
your customers ask for it's hard to go
around it's hard it's very hard to go
wrong as an organization but again so
many companies don't do this so many
companies get far from this um as they
grow and you know that's why you get
crappy software and that's why you get a
lack of innovation and so I asked this
question so much to the product team
that they put my face and this question
on a shirt as you see here um so that I
wouldn't have to ask it all the time
they could just remember it um so anyway
fantas something that you continually
have to beat into your organization and
a big part of what has made amplitude
continue to be successful as we've grown
as a company all right that's lesson one
uh let's go on to lesson too um uh
treating products like a mini startup um
so this is something I see um going back
to shipping your org chart this is
something I see organizations get wrong
uh one of the rules in SAS is as you get
to a 100 million in Revenue you want to
start to find New pieces of value
outside of your core offering so what
are other adjacent things that the same
buyer or the same user can get value out
of um that's not the core um and pretty
much every company that has that has
gotten to a billion or more um in in
annual occurring Revenue has been able
to do this successfully the challenge is
this is really freaking hard it was hard
enough to capture lightning in a bottle
the first time and find product Market
fit for your first product how the hell
are you going to find it for your second
product um so I want to share um a few
tips uh that we learned after a bunch of
failed
attempts um a lot of companies will
create a new product Innovation team but
the problem is they have that Innovation
team sit right next to the central
product team and be folded into all the
same efforts and the problem is the
things that work for a mature product at
scale just are completely the opposite
of the of what you want to do when
driving Innovation for the first time um
so as an example your product team may
do set quarterly goals um and have
quarterly plans and it turns out when
you're trying to innovate quarterly
goals don't really help you that much um
it they may set long-term product road
maps to be able to commute uh
communicate to customers um again when
you're innovating on a new product first
time you don't have a long-term product
road map because what you may do may
change next week or even tomorrow um
another thing that is done is
coordinating with other teams whether
that's go to market or uh compliance
teams like security or uh teams like the
support team to understand what the new
product is again makes ton of sense for
a mature product with tons of users but
exactly the opposite of how you want to
run a new Innovative experiment all of
those things that help a central product
team be successful are huge distractions
uh for your early Innovative team and so
as a leader your job is actually to
sequester them off from the rest of the
organization and protect the team uh
from those distractions so they're able
to innovate and drive uh really really
quickly so I'm going to give you just
two quick uh stories as examples of how
we did this at amplitude um so the very
first new product that we did
successfully was experimentation outside
of analytics and the way we did it uh
the first time we tried to do it we
actually had them be part of the
quarterly planning process and go
through all the same processing we're
like yeah we're one team um you know
that's how we should operate as a
company um but actually no it was really
important so we ended up failing and
having to do a redo of it uh the
subsequent year and what we did the
subsequent year is we sequestered them
off so we wouldn't actually include them
as part of quarterly planning the only
meeting we had was a meeting every two
weeks uh where I would ask the same
question which is how many paying
customers do you guys have this week and
it would just get them to maniacally
focus on that and not worry about
anything else don't worry about how it
integrates with our existing product uh
don't worry about uh what the long-term
road map is don't worry about what
metric we're trying to optimize yet
don't worry about you know being in
compliance or what or or or what have
you just get something out there that
has paying customers let's do that um
and we ended up doing to great success
experiment is now our second largest
product after the core
analytics uh the second example is so I
mentioned we recently launched a
warehouse native version of amplitude um
one of the things that happened was our
goto Market team wanted to get involved
in the launch of that new product
they're really excited they're like man
customers have been dying for this
they've been asking for it forever like
you know the Partnerships team wanted to
get involved so we can set up our
partnership with data warehouse
companies like snowflake uh marketing
team wanted to do a launch on it uh a
lot of the our account Executives and
csms wanted to know what the details of
the offering and so my co-founder who
was in charge of the effort got so
bombarded with meetings he was spending
so much of his time coordinating with
the rest the org um and not enough time
innovating on the product so I said all
right no one is allowed to talk to them
we're going to have a once every two
weeks meeting and if you want to talk to
them that's the meeting you go to and
otherwise uh you're not allowed to
bother this team team and they just need
to get something that has paying
customers and get shipped out the door
um so again uh another thing that
happens as you grow as an organization
is a lot of people want to be part of
the new hot the new Innovative thing and
you've deliberately got to set them up
from a leadership perspective to
insulate them from
that um all right um one other uh method
as a correlator I want to call out as
part of this is aqua hirus um Aqua hires
are actually a really phenomenal method
if um if you're at the scale of a
company where you can bring in a bunch
of talent um we've done this twice at
amplitude uh once with clear brain and
once with iteratively and it's been a
great success for us um you are bringing
in a set of people who are already
familiar with the space because they're
working on something adjacent you have
them join your company you have them
rebuild their product in the context of
what you're already doing um and
it it's fantastic for a number of
reasons so one is you know you don't
have to get them up to speed in the
space I think another is
that like they have that startup
Innovative mindset and so they're kind
of an injection of fresh energy to the
team and it gets them it gets people
really motivated and fired up to uh work
with a team that's focused on shipping
that's focused on talking to the
customers and being close and so this
helps a ton uh both with innovating on a
new product uh both iteratively and and
clear brain end ended up becoming uh our
CDP product and our audience targeting
product and it also helps with the first
part uh I was talking about which is
helping maintain that culture of
innovation so um another thing that can
be a useful tool in your toolkit all
right uh let's go on to the third
lesson uh so the three stages of
executive hires so this is one um that
is just not talked about that much
because it's an uncomfortable talk
talking it's an uncomfortable thing to
talk about is like what makes someone a
good fit for one stage versus another um
and you know people will say platitudes
like oh it's important to recruit and
hire well but okay what does that
actually look like so I wanted to share
uh with all of you my learnings on this
topic um so let's first start off with
the early stage at the early stages of a
company there's not a ton going on in
your business yet you you may not even
have a product or a fully featured
product you have zero brand awareness
you have almost no customers nobody
gives a [__] about you like it's just
you're it's you against the world and
you need an executive who is strong at
operating in that environment and who
can make something happen out of nothing
um and so one of the biggest mistakes a
lot of very early stage companies get
and you've heard this before is they'll
hire some big company executive from
Microsoft or Google or Amazon that's not
used to operating like a scrappy startup
and so before when you're in the early
stages when you're a few million in
Revenue when you're early on before
anyone cares you need Executives who are
willing to embrace that how can you get
a lot done and make stuff happen with
not many resources ources so example at
amplitude um early on we didn't have a
marketing function and so how were
customers going to hear about us well
our cero instead of instead of saying oh
we're going to go let's create a
marketing plan and let's hire out this
team and let's do it it's like no let's
actually just start trying to host
events with the team that we have so we
ended up hosting events like uh we
called them growth clinics or uh having
a webinar just to share some of the
insights we had learned about analytics
with other customers um the other thing
is it wasn't even the C's area of
expertise he didn't actually run
marketing before but that was okay it
was more the mindset of hey let me make
something happen um and so it's very
very you're hiring people who are very
much like you as Founders in terms of
being Scrappy uh and being able to make
something happen out of
nothing um so that's that's early stage
um what happens though is as you start
to get to the tens of millions you start
to transition as a SAS company and this
this this one took me a while to
learn at one once you're at the tens of
millions in AR at this point your
product works people are buying it
you're not just making stuff happen the
goal is how do you scale this
successfully so you can get to you know
10 20 uh 30 50 100 Beyond and so you
have something that works you know okay
if I Target this type of customers if I
have these sort of conversations if I am
able to offer these sort of product
capabilities and guide them along the
way in this way they will buy um and do
business with us and so you from someone
who is very Scrappy uh and uh just
making things happens to someone that's
taking something that's already working
and scaling it so how do I hire my nth
ACC executive or how do I hire my nth
engineer or how do I repeat that webinar
that really worked and do it a hundred
times over um and that's a very very
different type of executive so I think
of this as the mid-stage scale executive
um the other part about this um and this
is part of why this transition is hard
is some of the fol folks who were really
good early on may not be good for this
stage um and so this happened with some
of our early Executives that were really
good at lighting fires making stuff
happen but again when it came to doing a
deliberate systematic process that
worked at scale had a really hard time
um so a great example is um um you know
the the sales leader I mentioned in the
early days was different from the sales
leader we needed at the midstage because
instead of just making stuff happen with
events we needed them to roll out things
like Med pick hold teams accountable do
accurate forecasting setting the right
uh territory strategy so the skills end
up being quite
different all right uh last stage of
executive hires and this is one uh I am
still in the process of learning and has
been different uh for me is um uh hiring
yeah hiring late stage Executives so at
this stage you are no longer hiring
Executives who are doing the work
themselves you are instead hiring
Executives whose job is to hire other
leaders who then do the scaling work in
building out the teams um and so this
one it this one was hard for me to wrap
my head around culturally because I'm
like man I want people who actually do
work who not who don't just you know sit
in their office all day and hire you
know out of their Rolo decks and build
out this big team and actually not
deliver any value themselves but this is
actually what you need um at the late
stage uh because once you get to 100
million and Beyond in ARR there's so
much complexity in the organization you
have all these different functions uh
within marketing there's product
marketing and comms um and demand
generation within sales you have Revenue
operations and ACC Executives and
solutions consultants and all your Geo
territories um you have Partnerships and
you have customer success managers and
solutions are and the list of functions
goes on and on and on and on um and so
one leader is not capable of leading all
of those functions by themselves their
superpower actually needs to be in
hiring other leaders um and this can be
very disorienting particularly if you're
a Founder who is of the mindset of like
hey I take pride in being on the front
lines leading by example and doing work
myself it's actually not your job
anymore it's your job to hire other
leaders uh who to hire Executives who
then hire leaders who are good at that
and you get all these stages of
indirection but again very important for
scaling uh the this has been the biggest
organizational uh challenge uh at
amplitude by far as we've scaled past
100 um and the biggest learning for me
you know great example last year we
hired our new president Thomas Hansen
who is just exceptional at this um able
to hire out teams 10 times more quickly
and evaluate uh folks 10 times more
quickly than I can as well as run them
and hold them accountable to to
delivering on things and it's been a
night and day change in how we've
operated as a go to market team um but
again a very different executive uh from
the previous stage uh someone who may be
good at scaling teams may not be good at
hiring other leaders uh so you have to
be very very deliberate about that um
the last thing I want to uh talk talk
about this uh is that the emotional
element of this is the hardest part um
and this is the part that people don't
talk about much it's difficult to move
on from people who have helped build
your company so uh this was an interview
I I saw by Larry Ellison and Larry you
know if you know him by reputation he is
one of the most ruthless [__]
out there but even it was hard for him
too because he had so much loyalty to to
the folks that help build uh the company
and help build Oracle but he knew it was
different for the next stage um and so
in some ways this is knowing the right
Playbook is one thing but being able to
do it Implement in practice um is
another and so as a CEO your job is to
be in front of the company far in
advance of when you need to make these
leadership changes and how and this is
the hardest part of getting over it this
is the hardest part uh where CEOs
struggle all right um last thing I want
to touch on is a is a thing I'm still
learning on which is making the switch
from becoming an early stage founder to
being a late or stage organiz uh late or
large organization executive um so let
me go through it um as part of being a
large organization executive the way you
manage is very different I think a lot
more about talent and how to get the
right talent to do things and that's the
rate limiter on the growth of amplitude
than actually trying to drive some
initiative myself um so initiative
myself so I want to give a few examples
so you have to say no a lot more and
that sounds obvious it's actually quite
hard in practice let me I want to give
you kind of a few examples of
this um you know I used to obsess about
every single person at amplitude uh
getting a great experience and so every
single employee problem if they didn't
have a good experience with the manager
with another team with how they're
compensated whatever was going on that
became a Spencer problem and I held on
to that for way too long you know I I
ended up I I remember trying to do that
all the way through about 200 people
where I want to meet every single person
I want to check in with them I want to
have make sure they have a great
experience but very quickly and and for
a while it actually worked um we had
super high engagement we had super low
attrition we had less than 10% attrition
we had like a 4.9 on glass door like it
was the best place to work ever all
these amazing things I was really proud
of the organization we had built um
until it didn't as we got past that 200
Milestone I no longer could be in the
Weeds on every single thing and so what
happened is we went from 10% attrition
overnight to 30% attrition um a 4.9
glass door score to like a three
something all these organ I was was
happening was I was covering for all
this organizational dysfunction where
instead of holding leaders accountable
and getting leaders to step up uh to I
was covering those gaps for people so
very very uh important lesson that you
can do on scalable things up to a
certain point but then the Paradigm
shifts on you all right um I want to
actually do a quick quiz uh I'm going to
do two we're going to do two quiz
sessions I'm going to ask you a question
I'm going to ask you all a question uh
we're going to see uh who has the right
answers here um um and then we'll go
ahead and go to Q&A all right so let's
let's try to make it real all right so
say you have a sales leader who needs to
get better with forecast accuracy two
things you can do uh for that person
okay so the first option is you could
try to figure out how to get great at
driving forecast accuracy you could talk
to the board other sales advisers ask
them how to get better share that
perspective with the sales leader uh try
to coach them and hold them accountable
to that and grow them so that's option
one option two is uh well you know maybe
it's not your job to coach them but
maybe you should just make it clear to
them so maybe you should create a set of
metrics and dashboards that make it
clear if your sales leader is actually
hitting what you want on a forecast
accuracy basis okay so here's the two
different options all right uh how many
folks here thinks the correct answer is
option
one all right way in the back there
awesome love it all right how many folks
think correct answer is option
two all right head fake uh both options
are actually wrong so um the right way
to do it you don't need to create a set
of dashboards to justify that they're
good or bad at forecasting you can just
share the feedback and if they can't fix
it you know you need to uplevel them and
having that confidence in your
evaluation of that sales leader and that
executive is really really core to being
able to scale you can spend a lot of
time trying to coach people up or try to
cover for weaknesses or try to um you
know create systems and processes that
help make things clear but it's better
it's it's much easier um and much more
scalable just to be direct with someone
about it um and own and just say hey um
I need you to do this and if they can't
do it find someone else um your job is
not to lead by example um your job is to
evaluate the performance and that's a
very that this has been the hardest
switch for me
mentally all right uh similar example uh
say your head of sales by the way uh one
of the themes you might see here is head
of sales tends to not get along with a
lot of folks in the organization um very
very common thing you have to be very
deliberate and watch out for um say your
head of sales comes to you complaining
that your CFO won't improve your deal uh
what do you do all right first option
option one uh we need every single
dollar we can get the CFO is being
unreasonable let's just push it
through option two I'm sure the CFO has
a good reason for doing that and is
important we follow the right process we
need to be consistent all right how many
think it's option
one hell yeah hell yeah you guys are
early stage Founders no mat do it no
matter what it takes I love it I love it
all right um who thinks it's option two
all right all right I already set this
up from the previous question um right
both answers are wrong so the right
answer is what ask your head of sales
what did the CFO say when you talk to
them about it one of the things that
absolutely wild to me as you grow as an
organization is people won't give the
feedback to each other directly they'll
have one-on ones with lots with you with
lots of other people complaining about
well this person didn't do this and you
got to be able to stamp that out by
saying hey it's your responsibility to
have the conflict and community with the
CFO and have it out with them and after
that if you can't do that then both you
come to me and I'll resolve it and I'll
tiebreak it and I'll make a call but you
have to be able to give them that
feedback and even very large
organization very mature Executives that
have that have you know spent 20 30 40
years uh building their careers still
get this wrong because it's so much it's
harder to have that conflict it's
uncomfortable but you got to hold that
line because it doesn't scale otherwise
everyone's going through you uh you're
not going to successfully scale as a as
a Founder all right fantastic um so
that's my lessons for today we're going
to do Q&A um right after I give you
these
takeaways uh so first uh iteration fuels
out output never stop iterating never
stop innovating especially later in your
growth um that becomes it's the single
biggest lever you have uh for long-term
organization success and being able to
deliver uh shareholder value and and
build a successful company uh second
treat your new product like a startup uh
so replicate that experience as many
ways as possible that will help you
continue to drive Innovation on new
product lines as you scale third uh as a
Founder CEO your job is to ensure you
have the right Executives uh this change
is hard but necessary part of
scaling and finally uh the early stage
uh early stage founder to large
organization executive mental switch is
challenging uh but you got to embrace it
if you want to continue to
grow awesome all right that is it for my
talk uh thank you all very
much